atoms and atoms become the wireless atoms and then kind of trying to see because everything must, M
-A-S-S, I believe, it started from the atoms, it's all, and that is, I think, it's all scientific or
then those are the quantum pieces, it aggregates everything, it started from the atoms, atoms,
atoms are also can be bracketed, bracketed, all that to the final stages.
In the final stages, there's nothing really existing of all that. In each particles, they're also
not glued together. Everything is independently operating, is in a way operating everything.
Therefore, in the Buddha teachings, the dynamic display of the magical illusions is perfectly, each
of those atoms, atoms are really moving.
Everything is transforming according to teaching. I heard that you know better than me, but quantum
physics is also discovering those things. It's all that state. And that is externally understand.
We need to work with our mind and we discuss the mind is pretty from the existing, non-existing,
neither in either. Those are kind of maybe like simple, kind of easy to say that, but what made
actually mind is free from existing.
That we also discuss that mind is in the past, mind is mind in the past, is mind in the future, is
mind in the present. Our own mind, what the answer we find each time we ask is very mysterious.
This is free from the existing, free from there's nothing really you see. But then what the great
master Karmapa, Thar, Thar Karmapa, known as the Raju Dodi, and the same, same word with the great
master, Jingbi Langba, mentioned, there is a mind, a guardian of the mind every you see, there's
nothing is existing, even the Buddha did not show anything.
Or see anything. Buddha didn't see anything. According to Buddhism or according to teaching, the
highest level of the wisdom, the Buddha had the highest wisdom, there's nothing higher, deeper,
more sharper than the Buddha's.
But as the wisdom is beyond of the image nations, like building the sun, there's nothing is dark,
nothing is behind. Everything is in prison status in the teaching state. But even Buddha did not
see the mind is existing.
And great master Thar Karmapa, as well as Jingbi Langba, even there's nothing existing, the Buddha
didn't detected anything, didn't see anything. But yet, both samsara and nirvana come from mind.
So it's not existing. Existing, the Buddha didn't detected or saw or seen, Buddha is actually
living Buddha, didn't see anything. So there's no mind. No, there is something, that because all s
amsara and nirvana come from the mind.
Both samsara and nirvana come from this no mind. This is true. That happened for us too. Even we
didn't detected anything about our mind.
What our whole thoughts, intentions, the prison thinking, the coming from somewhere. It's true. You
can, we can validate ourselves. Where does it come from?
And of course, many times they say their brains. But their brain is like stations. That really
where the electricity, electricity of the mind, brain, electricity stations.
It's not coming from their brain. It's something further deeper, more mystery than brain. It's
where it's coming from.
We can see, then larger level in Buddhism, Buddha changing both samsara and nirvana come from the
mind as we went yet this morning and you know that.
Then what is it? This both exist and non exist now. What? Again, Thar Karmapa and as well as Nirmul
umba both said, it's not contradicting.
Not they're not contradicting. One is coming. One is not existing. They're contradicting reality.
But they're not contradicting. They are union.
They're completely union. Existing that appearance of the mind. What is that? That mind itself is
empty. Empty means there's nothing to hold.
This is not a methodology. It's a myth of stories. We can violate it to you or individual. We all
can violate it to our own mind.
Mind is totally, totally union. The moment the mind is arising or thinking that that mind is empty.
For those of you who are teaching all present, as is empty, as is empty is appearing.
This is not just playing the game, war games, W-O-R-D, not war games. It's true. True. That is what
that is.
And so that is the nature of the mind. And now we do meditating on that. Meditating is nothing but
relaxing, maintaining of that nature.
We are carried by the force of the display of the mind. And then we're grasping, clinging, holding,
holding and leveling, one upper, clinging, holding, leveling, leveling, curling. And that is
attachment.
Grazme, those are the teachings mentioned. It's true. We hold it. We release every publication of
the conceptions and vastness of the nature's mind, its own natural state, and relax it, abiding.
It's meditation. Meditation is nothing else, again, to do something different, relaxing as it is.
So we do about an hour about meditating. I mean, I suppose you all know this. Just I'm reminded, in
a way, as teaching.
So we try to maintain that with joy and devotion. Joy and devotion, appreciation is also a display
of the mind.
But there is no substantial, solid existence of joy and devotion and appreciation.
But this illusion display of the joy and appreciation is so powerful, so healing, so uplifting, so
subtle.
When we have the joy and appreciation, we are free from doubt and hesitation and skeptical.
And we are not carried by the force of dualities. We are relaxed, resting ourselves.
When that happened, then the beauty of the nature of the mind began to shine, shine and glow in it.
That is the religious meditation. We target with those, then bodhijas, thinking of all living
beings, and put a strong presence of lineage.
Lineage and all these teachings, what we follow here, what we're trying to follow, is really the
voice of wisdom and compassion of all our great masters.
Let's start from the gracious teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni, and we're going to remember some of them.
How wonderful, how thankful, that we got these wisdom and compassion, lineage, that we are
connected.
And it's our lineage. It's not something that somebody else's lineage, we are connected.
We recapture our domain, our understanding and our own nature and beauty.
So it's really wonderful, and I just thought to kind of say that those few words and then we really
meditate again now.
Thank you very much everyone for participating and everyone. Thank you.